index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Cuthbert Home
author: Cuthbert Baines
---  

---

# About Cuthbert Baines

Site under construction

My name is Cuthbert Baines, I have recently completed my degree in computing at Sheffield Hallam University.   
I am currently looking forward to getting a proper job somewhere in the IT sector. I'm open minded about what 
kind of job I do in the IT sector. 


---



## A Few Of My Projects

1. [HiveMQ Repository](https://github.com/cuthbert86/HiveMQ)
2. [Django-local Repository](https://github.com/cuthbert86/Django-Local/tree/master)
3. [Raspberry Pi Code](ttps://github.com/cuthbert86/PiCode_showcase)
4. [River Project](https://github.com/cuthbert86/River_Project.html)
5. [Remote Farm Project](https://github.com/cuthbert86/River_Project.html)

---


### Get in Touch
  
If you'd like to collaborate or learn more about my work, feel free to reach out:

Email: <cuthbert.corp@gmail.com>
GitHub: <https://github.com/cuthbert86/Baines/home.md>  
Contact me: <https://github.com/cuthbert86/Bainescontact>

Commit message:

Revise index.md for portfolio layout and projects
Updated layout and project details for portfolio site front page.

index.md, after:

---
layout: portfolio
title: "Home"
description: "Introducting Cuthbert Baines — selected projects and screenshots"
# Add projects here. Each project can have: title, description, image, url, repo, tags (list)
projects:
  - title: "Live Data Dashboard (Node-Red)"
    description: "A Dashboard that displays live sensor data from multiple sources, GPS data and has a facility for Users to input their comments"
    image: ""
    url: "dashboard.png"
    repo: "RiverProject/node-redflow.png"
    tags: ["Data", "Dashboard", "Node-Red"]
  - title: "Data Collection Plus MQTT"
    description: "I can collect data and send it over the internet by using a Raspberry Pi and MQTT"
    image: "screenshot_ofpythonPart1.png", "screenshotofpythonpart2.png"
    url: "https://your-site.github.io/projects/simple-python-web-apps"
    repo: "https://github.com/cuthbert86/RiverProject/blob/main/coolllectarray.py"
    tags: ["Python", "Raspberry Pi", "MQTT", "RiverProject"]
  - title: "River Project Portfolio"
    description: "This is the portfolio of work for the River Project, it was the best project I did at Hallam University"
    image: "assets/images/project-dataviz.png"
    url: "https://github.com/cuthbert86/RiverProject/blob/main/portfolio-20250224T133320Z-001/portfolio/Portfolio%20(3).docx"
    repo: "https://github.com/cuthbert86/RiverProject/blob/main/portfolio-20250224T133320Z-001/portfolio/Portfolio%20(3).docx"
    tags: ["RiverProject", "Hallam University"]
---

# Hi — I'm [Cuthbert Baines]
Welcome! This is a small selection of projects and screenshots to give you a rapid sense of the kind of work I produce. Click any card for details, screenshots, or a link to the repo.

Below is a quick highlight list. To add or edit projects, update the `projects` list in this file or create project pages under `projects/` and point the `url` there.

(You can also add a short About section here in Markdown.)

---
